Some summary of important parts that we covered about Github is that this is a great website where many programmers are able to work on a certain project together using this source. A programmer can upload a completed, or even incompleted project into the Github by creating a new repository. Then programmers in the world will find this repository. Each programmer can take a different branch, besides the master branch, and edit the way he/she would make changes. What is so great about this feature is that whenever I commit changes, any deletions are shown red and any insertions I have made are represented as green. Everytime I commit changes, I have to do a pull request. Since I created a different branch, no matter how much changes I make in the code, there are no influence in the master code. With the adminstrator's approval, the changes I made can possibly be part of the master branch, or it might not. In the case of a popular github repository, after a pull request is sent, all the other programmers can check whether the correction was sufficient enough to be edited on the actual master branch. With the discussions among the programmers, they can decide whether the change should be made or not. If the request is approved, the changes will be shown in the master code. It will be shown in the code by merging the edits made and the master code. With this great program, programmers are capable of sharing codes. Since the original owner can also get credits for sharing codes, it is a great deal for both users and owners.

When working in the Github Desktop application, after I make the changes, I have to always remind myself to write a description of changes and commit changes. I also should not forget to press "push origin", so the changes actually appear to the Github website also.

Order:

Create a repository - Create a new branch - Add Commits - Open a Pull Request - Discuss about changes - Merge